NAS-100543 doc force delete dataset when busy dialog. (#1315)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

**Delete Dataset:** removes the dataset, snapshots of that dataset, and
any objects stored within the dataset. To remove the dataset, set
:guilabel:`Confirm`, click :guilabel:`DELETE DATASET`, enter the name of
the dataset to be deleted, and click :guilabel:`DELETE`. When the

> deivce is busy, another dialog appears to force delete the dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dialog appears when the dataset is busy and offers a force delete option.
```
